README.md, before:

## UbuntuFX by NanoVFX - Maize

Scripts to help with ubuntu as a vfx / gamedev / animation / rendering / pipeline / film environment. Giving the general toolset you need for a complete easy run.

Welcome to the repository for scripts designed to assist in enabling the usage of various VFX, animation, film, game development, pipeline, and development tools on Ubuntu. This README will guide you through the contents of this repository and how to use the provided scripts effectively.

#### The PPA
These scripts work in conjunction with a PPA that has been set up to make it easier to find and source the software needed. 
##### ppa = comming soon

#### Introduction
This repository aims to streamline the setup process for Ubuntu users in the fields of VFX, animation, film, game development, pipeline, and software development by providing convenient scripts to install and configure essential tools and libraries. Whether you're a professional or a hobbyist, these scripts can help you quickly get up and running with the necessary software stack.

#### Supported Tools
Currently, the repository supports the installation and configuration of various tools including but not limited to:

System Development tools
Default tools setup for easier installation and running of the packages below.
- [x] Autodesk Maya
- [ ] Blender - not implemented yet
- [ ] Unity - not implemented yet
- [ ] Unreal Engine - not implemented yet
- [ ] Foundry Nuke - not implemented yet
- [ ] Houdini - not implemented yet
- [ ] And many more will be supported

Support for more will be added, this is a work in progress.

Note: Not all scripts install, some are simply to help production workflows and to make things easier for the creator.

The general concept is this. Im tired of being locked down to a single subset of Operating Systems that are "officially supported" 

With these scripts, the support from the authoring companies of software are not isnt required. How ever. this is a personal project, and each system is different. expect bugs, i will update these as issues occur and im told about it. 

#### Installation
To utilize the scripts in this repository, follow these steps: (these are sh scripts so to use them you must make them all executable.)

##### To make them executable : 
```
chmod a+x /script/directory/scriptname
```

Clone the Repository: Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
Bash:
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
```
Navigate to the Repository: Change into the directory of the cloned repository:

bash
```
cd your-repository
```
Execute the Desired Script: Run the script corresponding to the tool you want to install. For example:

bash
```
sh ./main.sh
```

The script will guide you through the installation process, if any user input is required just follow on-screen instructions.

Enjoy: Once the script has completed, you should have the desired toolset installed and configured on your Ubuntu system.

#### Usage
Each script in this repository is designed to be straightforward and user-friendly. Simply execute the script for the tool to install, follow the prompts if required, and the script will handle the rest.

For more detailed usage instructions or troubleshooting, please refer to the documentation provided with each tool or send me a message

#### Contributing
Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you have a script for a tool that is not yet supported or if you find a bug in an existing script, feel free to open a pull request or submit an issue.

#### License
This repository is licensed under the GPL License, which means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as you see fit. However, please note that some tools installed by these scripts may have their own licensing terms and conditions. Please review the licenses.
Will contain the license file as well as the script in the licenses folder if there is any changes.)

#### How to contact me: - I can be found in the following place I frequent:
- Maize on Discord: https://discord.gg/7GwPhzsXgv
- Maize on Mastodon: https://mastodon.social/invite/D4oj9QhT or if you are already a member @theMaize
- Maize on Youtube: @theMaizeOfficial
- Maize on Twitter: @theMaize

Commit message:

Updated README: Folder Layout info
to include more descriptive folder information

README.md, after:

## UbuntuFX by NanoVFX - Maize

Scripts to help with ubuntu as a vfx / gamedev / animation / rendering / pipeline / film environment. Giving the general toolset you need for a complete easy run.

PLEASE NOTE: this will keep the system as close to the VFX Platform standards as possible. The guidelines set out there are followed, therefore the tools you will have (provided they are available) will be the same or newer to the version you will be installing. the folder structure layout will be in years, such as 2022, 2023, 2024: (for those new to the industry) These are reference years, NOT Maya or application versions. they will be individualised inside each year and each version if there is need for a change between minor / major Linux version releases.

Welcome to the repository for scripts designed to assist in enabling the usage of various VFX, animation, film, game development, pipeline, and development tools on Ubuntu. This README will guide you through the contents of this repository and how to use the provided scripts effectively.

#### The PPA
These scripts work in conjunction with a PPA that has been set up to make it easier to find and source the software needed. 
##### ppa = comming soon

#### Introduction
This repository aims to streamline the setup process for Ubuntu users in the fields of VFX, animation, film, game development, pipeline, and software development by providing convenient scripts to install and configure essential tools and libraries. Whether you're a professional or a hobbyist, these scripts can help you quickly get up and running with the necessary software stack.

#### Supported Tools
Currently, the repository supports the installation and configuration of various tools including but not limited to:

System Development tools
Default tools setup for easier installation and running of the packages below.
- [x] Autodesk Maya
- [ ] Blender - not implemented yet
- [ ] Unity - not implemented yet
- [ ] Unreal Engine - not implemented yet
- [ ] Foundry Nuke - not implemented yet
- [ ] Houdini - not implemented yet
- [ ] And many more will be supported

Support for more will be added, this is a work in progress.

Note: Not all scripts install, some are simply to help production workflows and to make things easier for the creator.

The general concept is this. Im tired of being locked down to a single subset of Operating Systems that are "officially supported" 

With these scripts, the support from the authoring companies of software are not isnt required. How ever. this is a personal project, and each system is different. expect bugs, i will update these as issues occur and im told about it. 

#### Installation
To utilize the scripts in this repository, follow these steps: (these are sh scripts so to use them you must make them all executable.)

##### To make them executable : 
```
chmod a+x /script/directory/scriptname
```

Clone the Repository: Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
Bash:
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
```
Navigate to the Repository: Change into the directory of the cloned repository:

bash
```
cd your-repository
```
Execute the Desired Script: Run the script corresponding to the tool you want to install. For example:

bash
```
sh ./main.sh
```

The script will guide you through the installation process, if any user input is required just follow on-screen instructions.

Enjoy: Once the script has completed, you should have the desired toolset installed and configured on your Ubuntu system.

#### Usage
Each script in this repository is designed to be straightforward and user-friendly. Simply execute the script for the tool to install, follow the prompts if required, and the script will handle the rest.

For more detailed usage instructions or troubleshooting, please refer to the documentation provided with each tool or send me a message

#### Contributing
Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you have a script for a tool that is not yet supported or if you find a bug in an existing script, feel free to open a pull request or submit an issue.

#### License
This repository is licensed under the GPL License, which means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as you see fit. However, please note that some tools installed by these scripts may have their own licensing terms and conditions. Please review the licenses.
Will contain the license file as well as the script in the licenses folder if there is any changes.)

#### How to contact me: - I can be found in the following place I frequent:
- Maize on Discord: https://discord.gg/7GwPhzsXgv
- Maize on Mastodon: https://mastodon.social/invite/D4oj9QhT or if you are already a member @theMaize
- Maize on Youtube: @theMaizeOfficial
- Maize on Twitter: @theMaize
